Add CONTRIBUTING.md: Guidelines for Contributing to HackTheMountains Discord Bot (#28)
xkrishguptaa/bot-dc-htm: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Fork our repository to your GitHub account.
- Create a new branch for your documentation changes.
- Make the necessary updates or additions to the documentation.
- Commit your changes with clear and concise commit messages.
- Push your changes to your forked repository.
- Create a pull request (PR) to propose your changes.

#### 4. Review and Collaboration

Once you've created a PR, our maintainers will review it. Be prepared for feedback and revisions. We may ask for clarifications or suggest improvements.

#### 5. Acknowledgment

We greatly appreciate your contributions to our documentation! You'll be acknowledged as a contributor in our project's acknowledgments or contributors' list. 

Your contributions make it easier for everyone to understand and use our software effectively. ❤️

### Pull Requests

The process described here has several goals:

- Maintain quality
- Fix problems that are important to users
- Engage the community in working toward making this project better.
- Enable a sustainable system for the maintainers to review contributions.

To submit a better Pull Request, follow these:

1. If applicable, use appropriate templates for the Pull Requests.

> 2. Follow the [styleguides](#styleguides)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Contributing to HackTheMountains Discord Bot

🎊 Hey, Thank you for considering contributing! We appreciate your time and effort in helping us improve this project. 🎊

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to the [HTM Discord Bot](https://github.com/xkrishguptaa/bot-dc-htm) on GitHub. These are guidelines, not rules. Use your best judgement, and feel free to propose changes to this document through a pull request!

All types of contributions to this project are encouraged and valued. See the [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents) for different ways to help and details about how this project handles them. Please make sure to read the relevant section before making your contribution. The community looks forward to your contributions! 🎉

> ## Table of Contents
> 
> ## Table of Contents
> 
> - [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
> - [I have a Question](#i-have-a-question)
> - [How can I Contribute?](#how-can-i-contribute)
>   - [Legal Notice](#legal-notice)
>   - [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
>     - [Submitting A Good Bug Report](#submitting-a-good-bug-report)
>   - [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
>     - [Before Submitting an Enhancement](#before-submitting-an-enhancement)
>     - [How Do I Submit a Good Enhancement Suggestion?](#how-do-i-submit-a-good-enhancement-suggestion)
>   - [Your First Code Contribution 🎊](#your-first-code-contribution-)
>   - [Improving the Documentation 📄](#improving-the-documentation-)
>     - [1. Identify Documentation Needs](#1-identify-documentation-needs)
>     - [2. Create an Issue](#2-create-an-issue)
>     - [3. Make Changes](#3-make-changes)
>     - [4. Review and Collaboration](#4-review-and-collaboration)
>     - [5. Acknowledgment](#5-acknowledgment)
>   - [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)
> - [Styleguides](#styleguides)
>   - [Git Commit Messages](#git-commit-messages)
>   - [JavaScript or TypeScript Styleguide](#javascript-or-typescript-styleguide)
>   - [Documentation Styleguide](#documentation-styleguide)
> 
> 

Reviewer: Not keeping this because github autogenerates one

```suggestion
```

## Code of Conduct

This project and all its contributors are governed by our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/xkrishguptaa/bot-dc-htm/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By taking part in this project, you are expected to uphold this code. If you find unacceptable behavior, report it to xkrishguptaa@gmail.com.

## I have a Question

If you want to ask a question, we assume that you have read the available [Documentation](https://github.com/xkrishguptaa/bot-dc-htm/blob/main/README.md).

Before you ask a question, it is best to search for existing [Issues](https://github.com/xkrishguptaa/bot-dc-htm/issues) that might help you. In case you found a suitable issue and still need clarification, you can write your question in the issue. It is also advisable to search the internet for answers first.

If you then still feel the need to ask a question and need clarification, we recommend the following:

> - Open an [Issue](https://github.com/xkrishguptaa/bot-dc-htm/issues/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Join us on [Discord](https://bit.ly/HackTheMountains) and ask it!
- Open an [Issue](https://github.com/xkrishguptaa/bot-dc-htm/issues/new).
```

Please make sure the following in advance to help us fix any potential bug as fast as possible:

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue that clearly identifies the problem.
- **Describe the exact steps to reproduce the problem in detail**.
Include information on how you initiated the issue, such as the specific command used or the method followed.
Explain the method used, whether it's via mouse clicks, keyboard shortcuts, or other actions, and specify which ones.
- **Offer specific examples** like links to relevant files or projects, or code snippets that illustrate the issue.
- **Detail what behavior you observed after following the steps** and clearly identify the problem within that behavior.
- **Explain the behavior you expected to see instead and provide the reasoning behind your expectation.**
- **Enhance your report with screenshots or animated GIFs** that visually demonstrate the problem as you follow the described steps.
- **If the issue wasn't triggered by a specific action, describe what you were doing before the problem occurred and provide any relevant additional information.**

> Once it's done:
> 
> - The project team will label the issue accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once it's done we will review and triage the issue accordingly.
```

> - A team member will try to reproduce the issue with your provided steps. If there are no reproduction steps or no obvious way to reproduce the issue, the team will ask you for those steps and mark the issue as `needs-repro`. Bugs with the `needs-repro` tag will not be addressed until they are reproduced.
> - If the team is able to reproduce the issue, it will be marked `needs-fix`, as well as possibly other tags (such as `critical`), and the issue will be left to be implemented by someone.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### How Do I Submit a Good Enhancement Suggestion?

**Enhancement suggestions are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://github.com/xkrishguptaa/bot-dc-htm/issues)**. If you want to submit an enhancement suggestion, create an issue on the repository and provide the following information:

- Use a **clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.
- Provide a **step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as many details as possible.
- **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps**. You may include copy/pasteable snippets which you use in those examples.
- You may want to **include screenshots and animated GIFs** which help you demonstrate the steps or point out the part which the suggestion is related to. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on macOS and Windows, and [this tool](https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast) or [this tool](https://github.com/GNOME/byzanz) on Linux. 
- **Explain why this enhancement would be useful** to most of the users. You may also want to point out the other projects that solved it better and which could serve as inspiration.

### Your First Code Contribution 🎊

> Unsure where to begin contributing? You can start by looking through these `beginner` and `help-wanted` or `good first issue` labeled issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unsure where to begin contributing? You can start by looking through these `help-wanted` or `good first issue` labeled issues:
```

> - Beginner Issues are very simple issues and require very less work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
